# Delen
Delen-a Dutch word for sharing , is a toy donation app which connects toy donors (families, stores, individuals, etc.) and the receivers (NGOs, individuals, etc). This app demands putting up details of the toy(s) along with pickup address and other relevant details which can be viewed by the receivers. The receivers, as per their convenience, can reach the specified location to collect the toy(s). Efficient management and security of data have been taken care of while developing our product.

Today, we see a variety of organisations doing a commendable job of delivering toys to people in need. However, these organisations are never certain how much toys they can provide or how many people can be benefitted. We felt the need of an automated delivery system. As a result, our programme can provide them an accurate estimate of the toy quantity and number of people it can be donated to, in an area. This data can also assist these organisations in making the appropriate modifications based on the availability of toys. Furthermore, our app will save these individuals/organisations, the time and effort of searching for possible donors. Individuals (the needy) who are capable of understanding the process, as well as large organisations, can benefit from this. Most importantly, we are indirectly contributing to fulfil the needs of the underprivileged society.

Flexibility is the key here. The app makes it convenient for both the donors and the receivers. The receivers can get their donations from the donors in their own area through the app which saves them the hassle of travelling far away. It makes the system efficient and organised. Without the app, the receivers might not get as much donations and would have to do a lot more to drive in the donors. This software makes our ngo efficient as it saves our time and advertising money. There are so many unprivileged children who are denied the joys of childhood. This is a small initiative for our side to give them a little something.



